Samples: Bluetooth: Mesh: light nRF52 DFU support (#9109)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for running the light switch as a Low Power node.

* :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light` sample:

  * Added:

>     * Point-to-point DFU support for nRF52 boards over SMP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Point-to-point Device Firmware Update (DFU) support over the Simple Management Protocol (SMP) for supported nRF52 Series development kits.
```
